Update README.md (#890)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/people/performance-reviews-50/README.md

* **Performance rating** is a manager's rating based on a direct report's execution of [AORs](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/areas-of-responsibility) and other responsibilities for the review period.

## What is the process?

All staff take part in the Annual End of Year Performance Review Cycle and the Mid-Year Performance Review Cycle. The intent of the mid-year review cycle is to promote timely performance feedback. Compensation is only reviewed during the annual Winter Performance Review cycle.

* Mid-Year Review
* [EOY Review Process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/people/performance-reviews-50/formal-review-process)

Team members joining in April will not need to do the [90 day New Colleague review](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) and will instead take part in the Mid-Year Performance Review Cycle. Team members joining May - August will follow the typical [90 day New Colleague review process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) and are not required to complete the Mid-Year Review.

> Team members joining in August and September will not need to do the [90 day New Colleague review](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) and will instead take part in review cycle. Team members joining October - December will follow the typical [90 day New Colleague review process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) and are not required to complete the End of Year Review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team members joining in August and September will not need to complete the [90 day New Colleague review](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) and will instead take part in the next review cycle. Team members joining in October through December will follow the typical [90 day New Colleague review process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) and are not required to complete the End of Year Review.
```

### Rating Scale

Behaviorally-anchored performance ratings help us to establish a shared and agreed-upon language that describes well-defined performance expectations, desired behaviours, and outcomes. Rating scales can also check biases and enhance distributive and procedural fairness during performance calibrations.

> We have had several iterations of the rating scale as we continue to respond to staff feedback. For the EOY 2021 review cycle, we moved to a 4-point rating scale to ensure clarity and differentiation between ratings. Based on feedback, we have also adjusted the rating scale to have 1 clear rating of "not meeting expectations" and 3 options describing average to above-average performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have iterated through several iterations of the rating scale as we continue to respond to staff feedback. For the EOY 2021 review cycle, we moved to a 4-point rating scale to ensure clarity and differentiation between ratings. Based on feedback, we have also adjusted the rating scale to have one clear rating of "not meeting expectations" and three options describing average to above-average performance. 
```

* Learn how to use Culture Amp, nominate peer reviewers, give effective peer and upward feedback, and write your self-reflection in Culture Amp's [self-guided course](https://www.cultureamptraining.com/performance-reviews-for-employees).
* People Managers should take Culture Amp's [self-guided course](https://www.cultureamptraining.com/performance-for-managers) to learn how to use the platform as a people manager. The course includes tips for writing evaluations, giving clear and actionable feedback, and helping your direct reports write strong goals.

> * See[EOY Review Toolkit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jj62uswZ-3yPb0gd-ixfzVKCMwv7vO2AVDLdG8N1eyw/edit?usp=sharing) for additional resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See the [EOY Review Toolkit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jj62uswZ-3yPb0gd-ixfzVKCMwv7vO2AVDLdG8N1eyw/edit?usp=sharing) for additional resources.
```
